hey what's up guys today i am going to
recap the story of the movie goosebumps
2015.
a family is seen at the beginning of the
film which has mother and son
they were moving to another city because
that boy named zack's mother was being
transferred to the city zack was not
happy to come here
because he used to live in new york
before
now they reach a new house and zack goes
outside to collect his luggage
then he encounters a neighbor girl who
was his age fellow
she is very charming and calls zack to
her
then they both tell their identity to
each other
that girl's name is hannah they are
talking with each other
then hannah's father appears there and
he asks
zack why have you visited at our house
never appear again at my house or around
my daughter
hearing it zack feels ill when
zack is taking his luggage out coming to
the house
he finds out the photo of his late
father
seeing that photo zak is greed
next day it is seen that zack leads to
his school
along with his mother where he meets a
boy who says to him that
friday is a party day at school you must
visit
we will meet saying it he leads from
here
zack encounters hannah when he returns
to his house
who is saying to him i apologize for
what my father said to you
zack replies it's okay hannah
says that you are new here so i take you
to a particular location here
you had never ever viewed such a place
before you will enjoy a lot there
then they together moved to the
amusement park
it had been abandoned for many years
zack
was feeling comfortable in the company
of hannah
they both talk too much then return to
the house
zach asks hannan will you go with me to
anywhere on this weekend
then hannah tells i will tell you after
deciding
then hannah's father comes there again
he says to
zack i had forbidden you so it is your
last chance now
you will repent if you don't stop zack
leaves from there and starts studying
going to his house
meantime he begins to hear some sounds
from hannah's house
as hannah is weeping hannah's father is
warning her
you will not step out of the house now
on hannah
says i want to make new friends i want
to go outside
and her father begins shouting saying no
and these voices were getting loud
zach feels as he is beating hannah he
calls police there
as the police approaches there then her
father tells that
hannah is not at house from the last two
days
she has gone to another city along with
her mother
then zack says i have witnessed hannah
here i am here after a meeting with her
police officers step in the house of
hannah
but they don't catch the sight of hannah
zack's mother pardons hannah's mother
but zack knew that he has hidden hannah
somewhere in the house
zach does not understand how should he
help hannah
he contacts the same school friend who
had offered him a party
zack tells that friend when he arrives
at his house
that a man has imprisoned her daughter
in our neighbor
he behaves strictly with her i called
you here for this cause that
you may help me and that girl they were
waiting to avail the chance to visit his
house
then it is observed that hannah's father
drives away
and they had a good chance for them they
go inside the house of
hannah but the surprising fact was this
they don't find
hannah anywhere then they moved to the
cellar where hannah's father had set a
trap
they come out of that place they notice
a bookshelf
having many placed books which had been
written by a single author
and these were locked zack's friend
tells him
this author used to write only the
terrible stories
and we don't know where he disappeared
then
hannah approaches there and they both
are badly scared
and that book drops down from the grip
of his hand
that book's lock is broken and it is
opened that book was emitting light
then a white gorilla appears from that
book
which was the character of the book it
attacks zack's friend
but zack secures him then that white
gorilla comes out of that house damaging
everything as books
another book had also unlocked this
white
gorilla had a name in this book snowman
now zack his friend and hannah run to an
ice rink which was a frosty place
hannah says we will have to send snowman
back into the book but snowman
drops down the book three of them hide
at a place while running
but snowman also reaches there
hannah's father comes from the backside
as it is nearly to attack them
and he locks snowman in the book while
opening it
and then they drive away taking three of
them he was in rage
zach was suspecting that hannah's father
is the author of these books
hannah's father says to zack reaching
home
just forget what you witnessed then zack
requests tell me what the actual matter
is
then hannah's father reveals that i
suffered an allergy in my childhood
i could not go outside for this reason
and the rest of the children used to
throw stone at my house window
i used to write the books keeping myself
at house
i wrote all these terrible stories
sitting in the loneliness
and what happened now that the presented
characters in the book begin to enliven
so i have locked them hannah's father
tells him it is not out of danger to
stay here now
so collect all books we are going to
another place to stay
then hannah's father notices that
another book is also unlocked
and there is dummy seated near it on the
sofa
it was the character of that book
hannah's father tries to rescend that
dummy into the book wittingly but that
slappy dummy understands and burns all
books
and it builds army including the small
toys
which begin to attack them but zack and
his friend burn those toys
afterwards those toys take their form
again
they come out of the house rescuing
themselves then they witness that
dummy had freed all monsters and
creatures of the books from the books
before burning them
which are bringing a destruction
throughout the city
observing it they get worried too much
they declare we will have to search for
that
dummy at any cost for this
zack suggests to hannah's father write
this story again which has his all
character returned to their books again
and it is the only way to send them back
into that book
then hannah's father says this is a good
idea
but i have hidden the typewriter in
school through which i type the books
they get in their vehicle to drive to
the school but a gigantic insect stops
their vehicle on the way
and it was also a type of character in
one of the books
it begins to ruin their vehicle at the
same time
they moved to the nearby supermarket but
there was also werewolf in the
supermarket
which was eating the lying meat there
then it moves ahead to attack them
closing the door of that supermarket
they come outside
but werewolf had also come outside
breaking off the door
and it was preceding them then zack's
aunt reaches there
who used to live in this city before she
hits her car with the werewolf
so it falls into the garbage can it is
wounded
zack says to his aunt go to me mother
they pass through the graveyard in order
to go to school
zack observes there that hannah is
glistening under the moonlight
then all dead bodies bring to come out
from the graves
and dead bodies attempt to attack them
somehow
they come out of the gate of graveyard
now they move to school
they start searching the typewriter
reaching the school
hannah's father tells zack that i tell
you today
who is hannah and why was she glistening
in the moonlight
actually she is also my portrayed
character
i had left alone too much so i thought
to write a book
where i portray a character like the
human being
and it may also seem real before the
world so i take
hannah out unlocking that book so it was
the cause i never used to go her outside
and meet the people
so anyone may not know about it even
though hannah
does also not know about it otherwise
she will be saddened zack understands
that hannah's father is a good-hearted
man
then hannah tells them while coming
there
that typewrite has been searched out
hannah's father says
close all the doors of the school so no
monster may arrive here
i will type book in loneliness at that
time you may go somewhere else in this
school
now three of them moved to a school
party which was being conducted in the
hall
zak tells everyone going there
take care yourselves because monsters
had also approached there
don't open the single door otherwise
they also enter the school
but that giant insect was already
present there
it is possible that it may have reached
there while chasing them
it attacks a present guard there zack
says to all of them the author is typing
a book in the same school to resend the
monsters into the book
so we have to carry them so no monster
may go to his room
so they begin to set the things before
the door it is seen out of the school
that
dummy had also reached there opening all
books
it brings all monstrous characters out
and it burns the books
she had built her army which was going
to battle against human beings
on the other side it is seen that
hannah's father is typing that book in
the hall
meantime dummy appears there hannah's
father tries to stop
it but that dummy injures his fingers
so he may not type zack and hannah
reach there they bring him out at that
place where the other students of school
were gathered
they had also lifted a typewrite with
them hannah's father is upset thinking
that
if no remedy could be found soon then
these monsters will never return
and this world will be ruined he says to
them
slappy dummy is after me and it will
chase me if i go outside
and remaining monsters will also do the
same while chasing it
as a result this place will be freed
from those monsters
and we will plan that all monsters
together may be killed at a time
then it is seen that dummy is outside
then a school bus is moving there which
comes out of school
that dummy thinks that there are same
people inside
who is running from the school then he
leads all monsters to that bus
and all monsters come on that bus they
notice while opening the bus that there
is not hannah's father or anyone else
but there was a fake man and there was
also trap set in that bus
as a bomb will be blasted with the
opening of that door
and it happens the same all monsters are
ended with the explosion of the bomb
now it is noticed that zack his friend
hannah and her father are driving away
in another bus
they move to the amusement park where
zach and hannah had visited in the
beginning
there zack begins to type the same story
which was being told by hannah's father
because monsters were still alive they
had stopped because of that bomb for a
while
but they cannot come to end without book
story
the dummy also arrives there which
unlocked the last remaining book
a very threatening monster appears from
there it was such a monster which could
eat anyone
moving beside it hannah's father says to
zack write yourself the further story
you seem brilliant and he himself goes
to stop that monster
as hannah's father goes before that
monster
then it engulfs him on the other side
zach his friend
and hannah come on the scene who are
completing the book story
but that dummy glimpses them it says to
all monsters
stop them moving towards them they are
sitting on the
amusement ride and it has fallen down
because of the attack of a monster
fortunately they were secure and
zack has also typed the complete book
story
but those monsters were unaware thinking
how anyone can write the book soon
but it was the brilliancy of zack that
he had written that book
now the last part was to open that book
then all monsters returned to the book
hannah also moves to that book along
with all monsters
zack did not want it so he is confused
either he should open book or not
and he also tries to reveal to hannah
before it that
that you are the imaginary character of
this book
hannah tells yeah i knew but i just did
not want to hurt you
i wanted to make you realize that i am
also a human being
and she forcefully snatches that book
from zach
and she opens it putting on the ground
and light flash descended from the sky
with the opening of the book
and all monsters returned to that book
including
dummy which was nearly to kill hannah's
father
and it says i will return back and it is
observed that
hannah also begins to move into the book
while shining
but zack was dejected because he did not
wish it that she may return to book
he attempts to stop her but hannah moves
to that book like other monsters
then it is seen that zack and hannah's
father are fully sad
because they had affections for her now
it is witnessed that situation of the
city had restores as per routine
but zack used to remember hannah till
now
one day he encounters hannah's father
going to the school
who had been hired as a professor there
they talk about
hannah after the school time then
zack catches the sight of hannah
hannah's father says to him
look here i have written a new book
through which
hannah came back into this world i knew
that you had developed affectionate
feelings for
hannah and also hannah hannah
and zack feel satisfaction meeting each
other
hannah's father also feels
hannah's father is seen working on the
typewriter
at that time someone is typing itself on
the typewriter
the statement was the invisible boy's
revenge
it was such a monster which was unseen
and it was going to take revenge from
them
witnessing it hannah's father skin bumps
are raised
nothing has come to the stability the
movie also completes on this scene